# Whosville_Hackathon_App

This App has been created for the Hackathon organized by TensorIoT on July 14,2022. The town of Whosville is looking to create a new public safety application, since their current outdated application is poorly designed and has received extensive negative feedback from the town’s residents. The town is made up of a wide variation of people 
that are of different backgrounds and ages.

This App allows users to Register their IoT applicances and the Vendors and Service providers to register their APIs to be used by the Registered devices to access meaningful information about Appliance performance and safety on this app. This app is a one stop shop for all the information about Community related activities, RSS/twitter feeds from local agencies, Services, Appliance maintenance requests for the people of Whosville.

Presently, this app is just a Front-end tool showcasing the abilities and functionalities this app can offer. By having more vendors participate by registering their APIs and Services for use, this app will let users see a rich information about their Devices and allow a marketplace like interaction with Vendor and Service providers, where they can request, review offereings and pay for these requests and services.
This App will be made to be easily configurable for any City / County in the nation, with configurable list of Vendors, Devices, Services, APIs etc. by region. The back-end will feature an Aynschronous message queue based system for all Analytics Dashboard information and all interaction with the Vendors and Service providers. The App can be containerized and hosted on cloud providers like AWS, GCP, AZure etc. and utilize the auto-scaling and Edge server functionalities of these cloud providers to cater to millions of users simulatneously accroos multiple cities and counties all over the Nation!.

## Project License
Copyright (c) 2022 Maleni Hernandez 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
